the Metro times blowout starts tomorrow
but we have a treat for you right now by
the way Fox 2 is a proud sponsor in this
morning you'll get a sneak peek of
hundreds of bands participating just
head to my Fox Detroit com for the
details and if you're getting ready to
head out you can check out this
morning's performance from the van at
myfoxdetroit.com and hit that Fox beat
music fault real quickly we're going to
talk to the leading this band the band
is Madame XD and tell me your name so I
don't pronounce you pronounce it
correctly shout them wait don't wait and
talk about this instrument real quickly
so unique to see a band fronted with
this kind of instrument what is it is
that our whole its to string and side
that I nice Wally in the dictionary a
Chinese violence so we'll listen to
Madame XD as they play their to string
Chinese instrument once again you can
check them out at the Fox to music vault
right now here is Madame XD
oh yeah enjoy me
nobody who's here our but I baby
why
mamita and pray what I'm sure you're so
mean
to achieve it what
haha here's a blanket jacques brel me
you are dealing with it
Oh
come on anything else
you